[Autogenerated] we came a long way.
Since starting these module 20 minutes ago,
we re kept some fundamental mongo technology.
You now know that a Mongol database contains collections those collections
contain documents and documents have feels some pretty different
terminology than traditional relational databases.
Then we looked at the free steps needed to get started with spring and mongo.
To be.
The 1st 1 is to configure dependencies if you start
with an indiscriminate application,
and the only dependency that you need is the spring
boots starter data mongo to be,
which is an umbrella dependency containing
everything you need to work with Mongo.
Then we looked at how to efficiently use annotations on the
objects that you want to persist as a document at i.
D.
At Field or at Indexed are one of the most use
foundations that will use over and over again.
After that would configure the connection properties.
We need at least the several port,
the Server I P address and the date of his name in order to
establish a connection to among the server,
and we can specify those either in the application properties file or
at wrong time as a parameter last but not least,
we have a simple but functional application,
which is amazing considering that you've been doing this for only 20 minutes or so.